README.md, before:

# Info
This repository allows the extension of the BONELAB Marrow SDK, allowing you to create guns and other types of items not yet supported by the Marrow SDK.

# How to Install

Install the official SDK from https://github.com/StressLevelZero/MarrowSDK/wiki#project-setup

Note: Other packages added into your Unity Project may cause errors.

Unzip the contents of this repo into your Assets/Scripts folder.

### We can not yet assist you in creating custom guns using this. Wait for a tutorial/example prefab or try to figure it out on your own.

# Disclaimer
Stress Level Zero's Official Bonelab SDK is MIT licenced, and by extension, so is this. Updates to the official SDK may break this repo at any time and there is no garunteed support, so use at your own risk. With any luck, updates to the Official SDK will make this extension repo obsolete.

### This repo only has dummy scripts and basic data to get people started.
### It deliberately does not have any art, code implementation, or other IP from the Bonelab game. There is nothing useful here that can be used outside of Bonelab modding, and should be kept that way.
## Do not commit files that go against this rule

Commit message:

Update readme to get people to import the project with the updated classes in the SDK

README.md, after:

# Info
This repository allows the extension of the BONELAB Marrow SDK, allowing you to create guns and other types of items not yet supported by the Marrow SDK.

# How to Install

Follow steps 1-5 from the official SDK over at https://github.com/StressLevelZero/MarrowSDK/wiki#project-setup
In step 6, you'll want to import these 3 via github URL:
https://github.com/StressLevelZero/Custom-RenderPipelineCore.git
https://github.com/StressLevelZero/Custom-URP.git#Bonelab
https://github.com/Kairus101/MarrowSDKExt.git

Then continue as usual.

Note: Other packages added into your Unity Project may cause errors.

Unzip the contents of this repo into your Assets/Scripts folder.

### We can not yet assist you in creating custom guns using this. Wait for a tutorial/example prefab or try to figure it out on your own.

# Disclaimer
Stress Level Zero's Official Bonelab SDK is MIT licenced, and by extension, so is this. Updates to the official SDK may break this repo at any time and there is no garunteed support, so use at your own risk. With any luck, updates to the Official SDK will make this extension repo obsolete.

### This repo only has dummy scripts and basic data to get people started.
### It deliberately does not have any art, code implementation, or other IP from the Bonelab game. There is nothing useful here that can be used outside of Bonelab modding, and should be kept that way.
## Do not commit files that go against this rule
